MAINT: Add Issue templates for Nebari (#4)
nebari-dev/.github: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/documentation.md

---

> name: "Documentation \U0001F516"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: "Documentation 📖"
```

about: Issues and feedback related to the docs.
title: "[DOC] - <title>"

> labels: ["type: documentation"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
labels: ["area: documentation 📖"]
```

---

> :warning: This form is for reporting issues and proving feedback about the documentation ONLY.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:warning: This issue template is for reporting issues and proving feedback about the documentation only.
```

> **We are currently organising our docs and would appreciate any feedback, suggestions or painpoint report from our community.
> Don't be shy, we will love to hear from you! 👂
> **

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Our documentation is currently undergoing a major facelift and would appreciate any feedback, suggestions or pain point reports from our community.**
```

> Have a question instead? Head over to our [Discussion Q&A](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/discussions/categories/q-a) page and tell us what is bothering you.

Reviewer: Need to remove this as we first need to migrate stuff
